No, but will you make any money selling it this cheaply?
Oh, even people working around here don't make much money.
It's okay for me to earn a little less.
Oh, you must be hungry. Please go ahead and eat this first.
I'll bring the soup.
Yes.
Thank you. I will enjoy the meal.
Excuse me, just a moment. It's torn here.
Oh, you're right.
Please give it to me. I'll sew it for you.
Oh, it's okay. Don't worry about it.
Ah, it will only take a moment. Please take it off quickly.
I'll do it right away. Take it off.
Ah, yes.
Here you go.
Yes, please go ahead and eat.
Yes.
It's done.
Ah, yes.
Thank you.
Try it on.
I also reattached the buttons while mending it.
You should be able to wear it for a long time now.
Junghee, you seem like a really reliable person.
Junghee.
Let's get married.
Ah, ah.